ToDo



Configurable GPIO for relays (via webpage?)

user defined params via serial
	CSV input into 4 global variable
	user_params parameter added to main CGI to return them as JSON
	publish them to MQTT ?


Display relay rest state

Fix issue where relay does not turn off in manual setpoint mode, yet thermostat is.
	Does manual have a timeout ?:wq
	Not sure this is an issue ? Wierd

UI
	Display all DS18B20 sensor values (look numDs to find out how many?)





Thermostat Advance button
	Advance to next schedule
	When manually adjusting temp, reset at next schedule
	Make this configurable (manual override to next schedule)




Done
Avoid thermostat cycling - timestamp relay activations and set limit 
	(possibly make dedicated function for relay on/off with TS and check on the ON.. should always be able to turn it off)

Config items for MQTT timeout & thermostat cycling

Display of a bad or stale temperature should update on thermostat.html page  and not keep last reading

Fix bug where thermostat off time is update is it is already off

Change thermostat to work in tenths of a degree, not hundredths

Remove used references to thermostat2 & thermostat3 (commented as may use in future version)

Publish state to MQTT - thermostat (on/off, mode)+ relays 

Publish all ds18b20 sensors to MQTT by device-id

Choose which relays associate to each thermostat
	Disable thermostat and turn relays off
	when they relay state is change via webpage

FOTA upgrade now down via webpage push (about.tpl) - thank you #esp-link project

Thermostat timeout for all sources implemented

Move all thermostat config to its own page in the Web GUI

ESPFS webpage upload now available through the Web GUI

Tidy up about.tpl page and only show firmware upgrade options when flash_map > 2 (over 512Kb)
Disable URLs for flashing firmware if flash_map < 2

Supports DST for Europe and North America (thanks Martin Harizanov for the code template)

Fixed issue in cgithermostat.c where only relay1 is returned as the thermostat run state
	this should be renamed therm1_relay_on  and logic put in place 
	to detect which relays are associated to the thermostat and
	return a logical answer. Logical OR ? 


Number of relays is now configurable via UI.
	If relay is not configured, it cannot be actuated via any means.

Relays configured as thermostat controlled cannot be actuated via any other means.
	Inc webpages, IO calls, MQTT(?) and POST requests
